Add built-in monitoring (#9774)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md

- You cannot create any changefeeds (Apache Kafka Sink and MySQL Sink) or use [TiCDC](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/ticdc-overview) to replicate incremental data.
- You cannot use VPC Peering to connect to clusters.
- You cannot scale clusters to larger storage, standard nodes, or increase the number of nodes.

> - You cannot entry the [Monitoring page](/tidb-cloud/monitor-built-in-monitoring.md) to use the standard monitoring service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You cannot view the [Monitoring page](/tidb-cloud/monitor-built-in-monitoring.md).
```
